=head1 NAME

OAuthSimple - a very simple OAuth 1.0 signed request generator

=head1 SYNOPSIS

See source comments for usage examples
   
=head1 DESCRIPTION

OAuthSimple aids in building valid OAuth 1.0 requests. It does not perform
token requests by itself, however you can use it to build the request calls.

I've tried to build the library to be fairly common so that if you're familiar
with how it works in one language, you can use it in any other. Right now the
following languages are supported: PHP, Javascript, Perl, Python. I'd love to add additional
languages and may do so in the future. (I'd be happy to accept contributions, 
hint, hint.)

Guido Schlabitz has provided a useful example for how to use 
OAuthSimple to connect to Google
L<http://github.com/jrconlin/oauthsimple/blob/master/php/example.php> 


OAuthSimple accepts arguments in a variety of formats and returns a structure
containing valid elements, including a fully structured URL, an Authorization 
header and the signature value. You should only use either the Authorization 
Header (as per the spec), or the fully structured URL. (Again, see source
comments for appropriate usage.)

Please note that the Javascript version is not heavily optimized at this time.
If you wish to use a more optimized version, please consult 
Anton Byrna's fork
L<http://github.com/itrelease/oauthsimple> 

=head1 EXAMPLES

Node.js Installation

    > npm install oauthsimple

Node.js Example

    OAuthSimple = require('OAuthSimple')
    oauth = new OAuthSimple("token", "secret")
    request = oauth.sign
      action: "GET"
      path: "http://api.netflix.com/catalog/people"
      parameters: { term: 'DeNiro' }

    // then use any library to request the following url
    request.signed_url


=head1 LICENSE

Code is released under a BSD licence.


